!
!  -- LAPACK95 README file (version 2.1) --
!     UNI-C, Denmark; Univ. of Tennessee, USA; NAG Ltd., UK
!     August 15, 2000
!
! --------------  LAPACK95/EXAMPLES2 directory  -----------------------

  This directory contains Fortran95 example test programs for all the
LAPACK95 driver subroutines. Every LAPACK95 driver subroutine has all
needed precision and arithmetic versions; single precision, double
precision, complex and double complex. There are here: 1) Fortran95
example test programs 2) the input data for these example programs if
necessary, 3) the makefile by which an executable program can be
generated, executed (results are stored on the file), there are for
scripts by which one can run all test at once and 5) this README file.

  Before running the example programs one must

    1. verify the compiler options and library names "OPTS0",
       "MODLIB", "LAPACK77", "BLAS" and "SUF" in the make.inc
       file at the LAPACK95 directory (LAPACK version 3 or higher
       should be linked with this LAPACK95 version).
    2. generate the LAPACK95 library, go to SRC directory (README
       file)
    3. run the example programs:

           make xnameet, where x can be s, d, c and z, name is the
                         LAPACK routine name (for example gesv) and
                         et indicates an example test. For example

           make sgesvet # single precision test
           make dgesvet # double precision test
           make cgesvet # complex precision test
           make zgesvet # dcomplex precision test

  The results are stored on
           sgesvet.res # single precision results
           dgesvet.res # double precision results
           cgesvet.res # complex precision results
           zgesvet.res # dcomplex precision results

  The rest of the Fortran example test programs can be run in the same
way as the above "xgesvet" tests of "la_gesv" LAPACK95 driver.

  All test can be ran at once using the following four scripts:

  runsingle -- script runs the single precision example test programs
  rundouble -- script runs the double precision example test programs
  runcomplex -- script runs the complex single precision example test
                programs
  rundcomplex -- script runs the complex double precision example test
                 programs
